model/Role.java
 model.Role
service/client/ClientService.java
 service.client.ClientService
repository/security/RightsRolesRepositoryMySQL.java
 repository.security.RightsRolesRepositoryMySQL
repository/client/ClientRepository.java
 repository.client.ClientRepository
view/LoginView.java
 view.LoginView
repository/user/UserRepository.java
 repository.user.UserRepository
model/validation/UserValidator.java
 model.validation.UserValidator
repository/user/UserRepositoryMySQL.java
 repository.user.UserRepositoryMySQL
model/validation/ResultFetchException.java
 model.validation.ResultFetchException
model/builder/UserBuilder.java
 model.builder.UserBuilder
database/JDBConnectionWrapper.java
 database.JDBConnectionWrapper
model/User.java
 model.User
database/SQLTableCreationFactory.java
 database.SQLTableCreationFactory
model/builder/ClientBuilder.java
 model.builder.ClientBuilder
repository/EntityNotFoundException.java
 repository.EntityNotFoundException
service/account/AccountServiceImpl.java
 service.account.AccountServiceImpl
service/user/AuthentificationServiceMySQL.java
 service.user.AuthentificationServiceMySQL
model/Client.java
 model.Client
model/Right.java
 model.Right
repository/account/AccountRepositoryMySQL.java
 repository.account.AccountRepositoryMySQL
service/client/ClientServiceImpl.java
 service.client.ClientServiceImpl
model/validation/Notification.java
 model.validation.Notification
database/DBConnectionFactory.java
 database.DBConnectionFactory
model/Account.java
 model.Account
service/user/AuthentificationService.java
 service.user.AuthentificationService
database/Constants.java
 database.Constants
 database.Constants$Rights
 database.Constants$Roles
 database.Constants$Schemas
 database.Constants$Tables
model/validation/ClientValidator.java
 model.validation.ClientValidator
database/Bootstraper.java
 database.Bootstraper
repository/security/RightsRolesRepository.java
 repository.security.RightsRolesRepository
model/validation/AccountValidator.java
 model.validation.AccountValidator
model/builder/AccountBuilder.java
 model.builder.AccountBuilder
repository/client/ClientRepositoryMySQL.java
 repository.client.ClientRepositoryMySQL
repository/account/AccountRepository.java
 repository.account.AccountRepository
service/account/AccountService.java
 service.account.AccountService
controller/LoginController.java
 controller.LoginController
 controller.LoginController$LoginButtonListener
 controller.LoginController$RegisterButtonListener
launcher/Launcher.java
 launcher.Launcher
launcher/ComponentFactory.java
 launcher.ComponentFactory
